Replace depreciated snippets with new ones - Closes 1868 (#1869)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/understand-blockchain/sdk/modules-commands.adoc

A module can define one or multiple **on-chain stores**, to store data in the blockchain, i.e. to include it in the blockchain state.

> For example, data like _account balances_, _validator's names_, and _multisignature keys_ are values that are stored in the on-chain module store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, data such as _account balances_, _validator's names_, and _multisignature keys_ are values that are stored in the on-chain module store.
```

The module hooks are called in a specific order during block creation and execution.

> Read more about the block lifecycle in the following sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information can be found regarding the block lifecycle in the following sections:
```
